README.MD, before:

# Magisk
[Downloads](https://github.com/topjohnwu/Magisk/releases) | [Documentation](https://topjohnwu.github.io/Magisk/) | [XDA Thread](https://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/magisk/official-magisk-v7-universal-systemless-t3473445)

## Introduction
Magisk is a suite of open source tools for customizing Android, supporting devices higher than Android 5.0 (API 21). It covers the fundamental parts for Android customization: root, boot scripts, SELinux patches, AVB2.0 / dm-verity / forceencrypt removals etc.

Furthermore, Magisk provides a **Systemless Interface** to alter the system (or vendor) arbitrarily while the actual partitions stay completely intact. With its systemless nature along with several other hacks, Magisk can hide modifications from nearly any system integrity verifications used in banking apps, corporation monitoring apps, game cheat detections, and most importantly [Google's SafetyNet API](https://developer.android.com/training/safetynet/index.html).

## Bug Reports
**Make sure to install the latest [Canary Build](https://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/magisk/dev-magisk-canary-channel-bleeding-edge-t3839337) before reporting any bugs!** **DO NOT** report bugs that is already fixed upstream. Follow the instructions in the [Canary Channel XDA Thread](https://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/magisk/dev-magisk-canary-channel-bleeding-edge-t3839337), and report a bug either by opening an issue on GitHub or directly in the thread.

## Building Environment Requirements
1. Python 3.5+: run `build.py` script
2. Java Development Kit (JDK) 8: Compile Magisk Manager and sign zips
3. Latest Android SDK: set `ANDROID_HOME` environment variable to the path to Android SDK
4. Android NDK: Install NDK along with SDK (`$ANDROID_HOME/ndk-bundle`), or optionally specify a custom path `ANDROID_NDK_HOME`
5. (Windows Only) Python package Colorama: Install with `pip install colorama`, used for ANSI color codes

## Building Notes and Instructions
1. Clone sources with submodules: `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/topjohnwu/Magisk.git`
2. Building is supported on macOS, Linux, and Windows. Official releases are built and tested with [FrankeNDK](https://github.com/topjohnwu/FrankeNDK); point `ANDROID_NDK_HOME` to FrankeNDK if you want to use it for compiling.
3. Set configurations in `config.prop`. A sample file `config.prop.sample` is provided as an example.
4. Run `build.py` with argument `-h` to see the built-in help message. The `-h` option also works for each supported actions, e.g. `./build.py binary -h`
5. By default, `build.py` build binaries and Magisk Manager in debug mode. If you want to build Magisk Manager in release mode (via the `-r, --release` flag), you need a Java Keystore file `release-key.jks` (only `JKS` format is supported) to sign APKs and zips. For more information, check out [Google's Official Documentation](https://developer.android.com/studio/publish/app-signing.html#signing-manually).

## License

```
Magisk, including all git submodules are free software:
you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the
GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation,
either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```

Commit message:

Add official stub apk and generate binaries.h tool By using this binaries.h we can download and install the official manager without signature issue

README.MD, after:

# Magisk
[Downloads](https://github.com/topjohnwu/Magisk/releases) | [Documentation](https://topjohnwu.github.io/Magisk/) | [XDA Thread](https://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/magisk/official-magisk-v7-universal-systemless-t3473445)

## Introduction
Magisk is a suite of open source tools for customizing Android, supporting devices higher than Android 5.0 (API 21). It covers the fundamental parts for Android customization: root, boot scripts, SELinux patches, AVB2.0 / dm-verity / forceencrypt removals etc.

Furthermore, Magisk provides a **Systemless Interface** to alter the system (or vendor) arbitrarily while the actual partitions stay completely intact. With its systemless nature along with several other hacks, Magisk can hide modifications from nearly any system integrity verifications used in banking apps, corporation monitoring apps, game cheat detections, and most importantly [Google's SafetyNet API](https://developer.android.com/training/safetynet/index.html).

## Bug Reports
**Make sure to install the latest [Canary Build](https://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/magisk/dev-magisk-canary-channel-bleeding-edge-t3839337) before reporting any bugs!** **DO NOT** report bugs that is already fixed upstream. Follow the instructions in the [Canary Channel XDA Thread](https://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/magisk/dev-magisk-canary-channel-bleeding-edge-t3839337), and report a bug either by opening an issue on GitHub or directly in the thread.

## Building Environment Requirements
1. Python 3.5+: run `build.py` script
2. Java Development Kit (JDK) 8: Compile Magisk Manager and sign zips
3. Latest Android SDK: set `ANDROID_HOME` environment variable to the path to Android SDK
4. Android NDK: Install NDK along with SDK (`$ANDROID_HOME/ndk-bundle`), or optionally specify a custom path `ANDROID_NDK_HOME`
5. (Windows Only) Python package Colorama: Install with `pip install colorama`, used for ANSI color codes

## Building Notes and Instructions
1. Clone sources with submodules: `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/topjohnwu/Magisk.git`
2. Building is supported on macOS, Linux, and Windows. Official releases are built and tested with [FrankeNDK](https://github.com/topjohnwu/FrankeNDK); point `ANDROID_NDK_HOME` to FrankeNDK if you want to use it for compiling.
3. Set configurations in `config.prop`. A sample file `config.prop.sample` is provided as an example.
4. Run `build.py` with argument `-h` to see the built-in help message. The `-h` option also works for each supported actions, e.g. `./build.py binary -h`
5. By default, `build.py` build binaries and Magisk Manager in debug mode. If you want to build Magisk Manager in release mode (via the `-r, --release` flag), you need a Java Keystore file `release-key.jks` (only `JKS` format is supported) to sign APKs and zips. For more information, check out [Google's Official Documentation](https://developer.android.com/studio/publish/app-signing.html#signing-manually).

## Building with the official signed stub apk
1. run ``cd native && ./gen_stub.py``.
2. run ``./build.py -r stub`` at the root of this project.
3. mv ``native/binaries.h`` to ``native/out/binaries.h``.
4. run ``./build.py -r binary`` compile magiskinit.
5. the stub.apk is from official 17.1. so after a factory reset, you can download and install the full Magisk Manager without signature issue anymore.

## License

```
Magisk, including all git submodules are free software:
you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the
GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation,
either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```
